Upgrade to Angular 19 (#19772)
SAP/spartacus: docs/migration/2211_ng19/migration.md

# (EARLY NOTES) Migrating a custom app to use Spartacus with Angular v18

Before upgrading Spartacus to the new version with Angular 18, you need to first:

- upgrade Spartacus to version 2211.32.1

> - install Node 22 version and upgrade `@types/node` to version 22

Reviewer: Those are 2 different big steps, lets not mix them in one bullet (so customers don't skip one of them unconsciously):
```suggestion
- install Node 22 version
- upgrade package `@types/node` to version 22
```

  ```bash
  npm i @types/node@22
  ```
- upgrade Angular to version v18 and then to v19

## Update Angular to 18 and 19

### Update Angular to 18 and 3rd party deps to be compatible with Angular 18

> **Warning**
>

> > Do not select `use-application-builder` migration when migrating to Angular 18. Applications created before SPA 2211.19 doesn't support this builder. Applications ?created starting from 2211.19 already supports it.

Reviewer: typos
```suggestion
> Do not select `use-application-builder` migration when migrating to Angular 18. Applications created before SPA 2211.19 doesn't support this builder. Applications created starting from 2211.19 already support it.
```

Before upgrading Spartacus to the new version with Angular 18, you need to first:

> - upgrade to the latest 2211.x of Spartacus

Reviewer: [MINOR] (can be changed later, but before doc freeze)
I guess it should be:
```suggestion
- upgrade Spartacus to version 2211.32.1 <or whatever latest version will be available _just before_ Feb release>
```

```
Note: Do not select `use-application-builder` migration when migrating to Angular 18. Applications created before SPA 2211.19 doesn't support this builder. Applications created starting from 2211.19 already supports it.

### Update Angular to 19 and 3rd party deps to be compatible with Angular 19

Follow the [Angular guidelines for upgrading from v18 to v19](https://angular.dev/update-guide?v=18.0-19.0&l=3) and bump the Angular version locally, and update other 3rd party dependencies from Angular ecosystem  to versions compatible with Angular 19 (e.g. `@ng-select/ng-select@14`, `@ngrx/store@19`, `ngx-infinite-scroll@19`):

```bash
ng update @angular/cli@19 @angular/core@19 ngx-infinite-scroll@19 @ng-select/ng-select@14 @ngrx/store@19 angular-oauth2-oidc@19 --force
git add .
git commit -m "update angular 19 and 3rd party deps angular 19 compatible"
```

> Note: Unselect `use-application-builder` migration when migrating to Angular 19. Applications created before SPA 2211.19 doesn't support this builder. Applications created starting from 2211.19 already supports it.

Reviewer: [MEDIUM]
This is said too late. People had already run the command. 
Instead let's put a bold warning _before running the command_ (in line 23). Also I'd mention that you need to hit a SPACE bar to unselect this option, and only then enter.

Because it's easy to miss the small prompt during the installation, perhaps we might even attach 2 screenshots:
- how the default preselected option looks like
- how the option unselected with a SPACE bar looks like

Note: Unselect `use-application-builder` migration when migrating to Angular 19. Applications created before SPA 2211.19 doesn't support this builder. Applications created starting from 2211.19 already supports it.

## Run Spartacus update

After successfully updating the application to Angular 19, execute this command to initiate the Spartacus update process.

```bash
ng update @spartacus/schematics@latest
```

### If using Server Side Rendering (SSR) and `application` builder

> For applications using `application` builder having SSR support, you need to adjust the `server.ts` file to be compatible with the output generated by the builder.

Reviewer: [MEDIUM]
The phrase "`application` builder" is a short term that we know, but many customers might not know. So let's be explicit what it means in practice - the value in `angular.json`. Feel free to choose a different wording than the suggested one below:
```suggestion
For applications with SSR support that use the Angular's `application` builder (i.e. having in `angular.json` the following value: `... "architect": { "build": { "builder": "@angular-devkit/build-angular:application", ...`), you need to adjust the `server.ts` file to be compatible with the output generated by this builder.
```
